Add `QNode.update` method (#6803)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/introduction/circuits.rst

.. _intro_vcirc_decorator:

> Re-configuration

Reviewer: @isaacdevlugt Do this blurb sound good?

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> There is often a need to tweak an existing QNode setup to test a new configuration. This includes,
> but is not limited to, executing on a different quantum device, using a new differentiation method or 
> machine learning interface, etc. The :meth:`~.pennylane.QNode.update` method provides a convenient
> way to make these adjustments.
> 
> To use a different quantum device, the configuration can be updated with,

Reviewer 2: Looks great! A few suggestions to clear things up:

```suggestion
There is often a need to modify an existing QNode setup to test a new configuration. This includes,
but is not limited to, executing on a different quantum device, using a new differentiation method or 
machine learning interface, etc. The :meth:`~.pennylane.QNode.update` method provides a convenient
way to make these adjustments. To update one or more QNode settings, simply give a new value to the 
QNode keyword argument you want to change (e.g., `mcm_method=...`, `diff_method=...`, etc.).

For instance, to use a different quantum device, the configuration can be updated with,
```

Are there any QNode settings that a user _cannot_ change with `update`?

Author: An immediate restriction that comes to mind is that the transform program cannot be modified.

Author: Got it 😎 , will add now.

Author: Done!

> If we want to use a different device, we can simply update the configuration with, 

Author: ```suggestion
To use a different quantum device, the configuration can be updated with,
```

.. _intro_vcirc_decorator:

> Re-configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Re-configuring QNode settings
```

Reviewer 2: Just a bit more user-friendly title

> Re-configuring QNode settings
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Author: ```suggestion
Re-configuring QNode settings
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

There is often a need to modify an existing QNode setup to test a new configuration. This includes,
but is not limited to, executing on a different quantum device, using a new differentiation method or 
machine learning interface, etc. The :meth:`~.pennylane.QNode.update` method provides a convenient
way to make these adjustments. To update one or more QNode settings, simply give a new value to the 
QNode keyword argument you want to change (e.g., `mcm_method=...`, `diff_method=...`, etc.). Only arguments

> used to instantiate a `QNode` can be updated, objects like the transform program cannot be updated 

Author: ```suggestion
used to instantiate a :class:`~.pennylane.QNode` can be updated, objects like the transform program cannot be updated 
```

.. _intro_vcirc_decorator:

Re-configuring QNode settings

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

Reviewer 2: ^^^^^^ 👀

Author: Resolved!
